Add `Attendance` to Developer Guide (#173)
AY2324S1-CS2103T-F11-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

This section describes some noteworthy details on how certain features are implemented.

### Attendance Model

> This section explains how the `Attendace` model is implemented and the various design consideration when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section explains how the `Attendance` model is implemented and the various design considerations when
```
Typo here.

Author: Will amend
